c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Dashboard.dll.config
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Dashboard.dll
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Dashboard.pdb
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\obj\Debug\Dashboard.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\obj\Debug\Dashboard.dll
c:\users\damith.wanninayake\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\obj\Debug\Dashboard.pdb
c:\Users\Damith.Wanninayake\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\Users\Damith.Wanninayake\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\Damith.Wanninayake\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Damith.Wanninayake\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\Damith.Wanninayake\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\Damith.Wanninayake\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\Damith.Wanninayake\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\Users\Damith.Wanninayake\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\Damith.Wanninayake\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Damith.Wanninayake\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\Damith.Wanninayake\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Dashboard\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Dashboard.dll.config
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Dashboard.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Dashboard.pdb
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Owin.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\obj\Debug\Dashboard.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\obj\Debug\Dashboard.dll
C:\Users\kamranyaseen\Desktop\Dashboard-master\Dashboard\obj\Debug\Dashboard.pdb
